EuroPython 2014 in the bcc Berlin Congress Center

Organisers expect up to 1,200 attendees

The next EuroPython will be held from July 21 - 27 2014 in the bcc Berlin
Congress Center at the heart of Berlin. After the Pycon US, the EuroPython is
the second largest global conference for this popular programming language.
The bcc is located at the central Alexanderplatz and with its 3,000 m2
offers ideal facilities for a developer conference. The organiser of the
event, the Python Software Verband e.V, is expecting up to 1,200 participants.
The EuroPython in Berlin would then beat the previous attendance record of
Florence, Italy, which hosted the EuroPython this year for the third time
running and attracted almost 900 Python enthusiasts.

Berlin offers ideal conditions for a large international developer conference.
The city with its about 2,500 young businesses has a large and fast-growing
start-up scene. 300 universities, polytechnics, research institutes and
technology parks underline Berlin's importance as one of Europe's leading
science and research locations. Thanks to its rich cultural landscape with
around 180 museums, renowned international art collections and precious
works of art as well as a lively art and music scene, Berlin is one of the
most vibrant and vividly creative metropolitan centres in Europe. The city's
attractions and the excellent national and international transport links have
already put Berlin among the top three in the international conference and
congress region rankings.

The conference will be organised locally by the Python Users Berlin, the
Django User Group Berlin and the PyLadies Berlin. With five lecture tracks
and two tutorial tracks running in parallel, the EuroPython conference
offers a closely-meshed schedule for all attendees.
Tickets will be available in January.

The EuroPython logo expresses what is on the organiser's minds, which is
getting people from very different areas of expertise together to communicate.
Python is used as a programming language in industrial and service enterprises
as well as in research and teaching. The EuroPython brings together developers
who work together on fascinating tasks and as a result have found unique
solutions to their problems.


About Python

Python is an interpreted high-level language. In the TIOBE index Python has
featured among the top 10 of favourite programming languages for years.
Python is ideal for development. It is a lean language that is easy to learn
and helps blur the boundaries between users and developers. The language was
created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum. Today, the language is
developed by a large open source community and enhancements are under the roof
of the Python Software Foundation.

About the Python Software Verband e.V.

The Python Software Verband e.V. was formed from the DZUG e.V.
(German-Speaking Zone User Group), which was itself founded in 2004.
The Python Software Verband is the umbrella organisation of the
German-speaking Python community. It is a non-profit organisation that
focuses on promoting the Python programming language.

About the EuroPython Society

The EuroPython Society was founded in 2004 to provide a legal framework for the
annual EuroPython conferences.

About the Python Users Berlin

Founded in 2002, Python Users Berlin holds monthly meetings for
presentations and talks about all facets of the Python programming language.
Python Users Berlin currently has around 330 members.

About the Django User Group Berlin

The Django User Group Berlin was founded in 2009. Its approximately 130
members meet monthly for talks related to the Python web framework Django.

About the PyLadies Berlin

PyLadies is an international movement that motivates and supports women to
engage with and take an active role within the Python community as developers.
PyLadies Berlin has around 100 members. 

